Many of you are probably familiar with the game the Raimon it's been rated as one of the number one
most well-designed games as well as one of the most beautiful games.
And I definitely agree with that.
So today we're going to go ahead and try to create an asset from this game.
So the asset we're going to be creating is this little bottle potion right here.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to draw our sketch out for it.
So we're going to add a new layer and then I'm going switch my color over to black or gray.
I like to sketch with a little bit lighter colors than black and then I'm going to change my brush to
a paint brush tool.
And now we can go ahead and just get sketching.
Now I have my canvas at the size of 1920 by 10 A.D. and the reason for this is because when you're playing
a game such as in rain in this bottle sometimes will show up full size on your entire screen.
So you want to create your assets at the largest size that they're ever going to be seen.
And that way you can shrink it down and not resolute lose resolution if you create them too small.
And then you try to enlarge them.
They're going to lose all their resolution and become pixilated and blurry.
So let's go ahead and get sketching.
So the bottles basically just sort of like a circle so or an oval
and this does not have to be perfect at all.
Go ahead and clean it up later.
And you have the stem
and then you get the base down here.
Then we have the top part.
I'm going to draw an oval for that and we can add a little bit more detail later.
And then we have the cork draw another oval on top to represent the top that cork.
So once you're happy with the shape of your bottle you can go ahead and move forward.
Now you can try a couple of different things.
I recommend that you actually create a lot of different thumbnails when you're designing things and
what that means is say for example our task was to create a bunch of potions and then we would want
to do a bunch of different designs and try to find which one is the best one.
And a thumbnail is just a small sketch.
So we would maybe try one like this and the stem would be going like that with a cork like that.
Or we might try one like this the stem like that or we might try one.
That's a perfect circle stem like that.
So we try a bunch of different types of bottles and then try to decide which ones are the best ones
and then take those ones and develop them further.
But in this case we're just going to be copying this one right here.
So we're going to go ahead and delete all these and get started with this right here.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to create a mirrored shape.
So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to add a new layer then we're going to come over
here to our marquee tool and we're going to change it to the elliptical marquee tool and they're going
to go ahead and make an oval that's about the size that we just drew.
So maybe somewhere about there you might have to grab it.
Move it back into place then let's go ahead and fill that in with our gray color.
Next we're going to go ahead and do this bottom part in the way we're going to do it is we're going
to make a copy of this flayer control J or command J will drag that underneath and then we're going
to move it down so it matches up with this bottom stand down here so we can use the arrow keys on a
keyboard to push that down told me right there that we're going to go ahead and use our Eraste tool.
We're going to bring up our brush size and we're going to go out and erase.
I'm going to turn the opacity down on the Slayer so that I can see the drawing underneath.
And we can go ahead and continue the racing.
We can turn that opacity back up.
Perfect.
So now we have our little stand.
Now I'm going to move it over just the tiniest bit because it seems a little off centered.
Next.
Let's go ahead and add the stem so I'm going to add a new layer.
And on this new layer I'm going to use my rectangular marquee tool to create the stem
so fill that in.
Next I'm going to turn on my Transform Tool which is going to be control T and then I'm going to come
down to warp.
And then you get this grid system on your selection.
What this allows you to do is allows you to grab an area and pull it wherever you'd like.
So I'm going to pull mine in
something like so so it lines up with our original drawing.
You can hit enter.
Next I'm going to create this top part.
The switch back over to my elliptical marquee tool.
I'm going to make that oval right there.
There should be good.
And then before I feel that I want to make sure I do this on a different layer.
The reason why we're doing them on different layers is because we might want to move them and adjust
them.
And if they're on the same layer we're not going to be able to do that.
So let's go and fill this in.
They're going to make a copy of this paste it and drag it up above it like so.
Now we're going to leave the cork out for now because it's not a part of the glass part of the bottle
which is what we're going to work on first.
So let's go ahead and turn off our background sketch and see how this looks.
Right.
It looks pretty good.
Now if yours is really off and it's not very symmetrical what you can do is you can go ahead and merge
all your layers together
and then you can use your rectangular marquee tool to select right down the middle like so.
And then you can copy that and paste it then using your Transform Tool.
You'll right click come to flip horizontal and then you can line it up like so.
And that will give you a more symmetrical shape.
Now let's go ahead and merge both those letters together.
And now we have the basic shape for our potion.
Now the reason why we just created a gray silhouette of our potion is because we're going to create
some clipping masks for this layer and we're going to paint within those gray silhouette is actually
not even going to be a part of our final product.
The only thing we're going to take away from it is the shape before we end this lecture.
I'm going to go ahead and change my background to a different color so I'm going to change it to a more
neutral gray.
The reason why I'm doing that is because our bottle is actually going to be transparent that way if
we apply this bottle to any background we're going to be able to see the background through it which
would be really nice and make it look a lot more realistic.
And so by changing it to gray it allows us to see the reflections and highlights on the glass.
Once we start painting that.
Thanks for watching this lecture and I look forward to seeing you in the next one.